1.   What is File function in python? What is keywords to create and write file. 
Ans. The key function for working with files in Python is the open() function.
     The open() function takes two parameters; filename, and mode.

     create= "x" keyword is use for create the file.
     write= "w" keyword is use for write the file.

2.   Explain Exception handling? What is an Error in Python?
Ans. The try and except block in Python is used to catch and handle exceptions.
     Errors interrupt the flow of the program at the point where they appear, so any further code stops executing.

3.   How many except statements can a try-except block have? Name Some built-in exception classes: 
Ans. There has to be at least one except statement.
     (1). Type Error 
     (2). Syntax Error
     (3). ZeroDivision Error
     (4). System Error
     (5). Index Error

4.  When will the else part of try-except-else be executed?
Ans. If there is no exception then this block will be executed.

5.  Can one block of except statements handle multiple exception?
Ans. Yes, a single block of except statements in Python can handle multiple exceptions.

6. When is the finally block executed? 
Ans. Always...

7. What happens when „1‟== 1 is executed? 
Ans.  It simply evaluates to False and does not raise any exception.

8.  What are oops concepts? Is multiple inheritance supported in java ?
Ans.In Python, object-oriented Programming (OOPs) that uses objects and classes in programming. 
     The main concept of OOPs is to bind the data and the functions that work on that together
      as a single unit so that no other part of the code can access this data.

     Java does not allow multiple inheritance...

9. What is Instantiation in terms of OOP terminology?
Ans. the processes of creating a new object for a class using a new keyword.

10. What is used to check whether an object o is an instance of class A?
Ans. An object is an instance of the class mentioned.

11.  What relationship is appropriate for Course and Faculty?
Ans. 

12. What relationship is appropriate for Student and Person?
Ans. "is-a"


